Update descendant-manager.md (#695)
massgov/openmass: docs/descendant-manager.md

### Purpose

The Descendant Manager indexes content using pre-defined field traversal paths in node type .yml
files to determine relationships. 

Specific use cases:

> - Determine the service that the page is in so that we can show the right “log in” links in header that will be defined on that service page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Determine the service that the page is in so that we can show the correct “login” links in the header, which we define on that service page.
```

The service may or may not be directly connected to the page where we want to show the login link. It may be a grandparent. We may want to follow links upward and not strictly parent child relationships.  
- Populate “Pages linking here” in Drupal.

> - Populate web metrics database with parent child relationships so we can measure traffic to children (which represents all ancestors no matter what the depth).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Populate web metrics database with parent child relationships so that we can measure traffic to children (which represents all ancestors no matter what the depth).
```

> In this case only the parent and child relationships are used, not linking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, only the parent and child relationships are used, not linking.
```

  drush_print('Queued ' . count($nids) . ' nodes for re-indexing to Descendants table.');
}
```
### Descendant Manager queue

> To see how many items still need to be processed by descendant manager run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see how many items still need to be processed by descendant manager, run:
```

```
drush queue:list
```

> To process all items in the queue run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To process all items in the queue, run:
```
